Brother Liang and Brother Chen are getting more and more impressive
While I only know how to do the accounts
I can't keep up with them anymore
If one day
they really close the club and the internet cafe
then I'll be useless
Bottoms up
Wenjie
Where are Chen Fan and Liang Shichu?
Brother Hong Hai, you're here
They went to meet the media
They'll probably be back late
Did you need them for something?
Just wanted to chat with them
about that Mecha Shanghai game
Once this game got hot
a lot of people have been looking for them
They're both crazy busy right now
They went out to have fun without you again?
Did they not invite you to the river last time either?
No
They are busy with serious business
I'm just organizing things here
Come on
Others might not know, but I do
You've been partners with them for so long
You do all the dirty and hard work
The internet cafe accounts, the club matters...
which one isn't managed by you?
The way I see it, without you
they wouldn't have had the time
to develop that hit game
But look at things now
They didn't bring you to the celebration party
You must feel bad about it, right?
I... I don't
I understand how you feel
When I worked on that domain site with Chen Fan
when the site went live and we split the money
I didn't get a single cent
Alright, stop looking at that
Let's go
I'll take you out for a drink and a chat
I won't go
I... I need to organize this
Let's just talk
See if we can come up with something
that will really impress them
Let's go, let's go
Let's go
Come on
Wenjie
This thing here
is called a game easter egg
It's like giving Liang Shichu and Chen Fan
a little joke
I'm just afraid that if Brother Fan finds out
he won't be happy
I'll teach you step by step
There's no way you'll be discovered
Okay
It won't be discovered
Let me tell you
Maybe when they do find it
they'll think your skills are rock solid
and see you in a whole new light
Bottoms up
In a bit, we'll go to the office
You just take this thing, like I said
Okay
Come on, eat some more
Chen Fan
Your good days are over
Chen Fan and Brother Liang's celebration party
should be right here
Why don't I see the two of them?
Seems this game isn't that popular after all
We checked everything before the launch
How is this possible?
Chen Fan!
What is going on?
What on earth happened here?
I need to retrieve the disk quickly
And wipe the traces
What is he doing with the disk?
Mr. Chen Fan.
We are from the City Bureau's Cyber Police Division.
In the game developed by you and Liang Shichu,
it is suspected to contain
hidden content that endangers social stability.
The game "Mecha Shanghai,"
the copyright ownership and core program development
belong to you and Liang Shichu, correct?
Yes.
But our game absolutely has no illegal content.
We checked the code repeatedly before launch.
There can't be any problems.
This is impossible.
Our game doesn't have that kind of thing.
How could we possibly add something like that?
This is what our technicians
just cracked and found.
A hidden trigger mechanism.
And you still claim you didn't know?
These kinds of videos are everywhere online.
It's possible someone hacked the game
and planted it in the backend.
Theoretically, that possibility does exist.
But your friend keeps emphasizing
that your code is encrypted.
According to him,
unless it was an insider...
An insider...
An insider would never do such a thing.
Who could it be?
This game of yours
has been spreading very rapidly recently.
The impact is extremely negative.
As the lead creators,
you must give an explanation.
Otherwise, no one is leaving.
Think it over carefully.
Let's go.
Your cousin is here to see you.
Don't take too long.
Cousin.
I know you don't want to see me right now.
But Ruochu asked me to come see you.
How is she?
She's fine.
The game has nothing to do with her, don't worry.
Please try to comfort her for me.
Now I'm actually glad she dumped me.
I found a buddy with solid tech skills
to check Luo Wenjie's computer.
We found something.
Why did you investigate him?
These are bank records.
Transferred to him by people from Long Technology.
Right after your game's beta test.
What does that mean?
Keep reading.
There's another large transaction
after the launch event ended.
No, Wenjie would tell me if he needed money.
What does Long Corp have to do with it?
Have you forgotten?
Previously, they were the ones who sent Liang Shichu
to hack our domain network.
Long Corp wants to make games too.
We're in their way.
Right?
I think it's not just the game.
Maybe the antivirus software you made before
already blocked their path to profit.
You mean to say Wenjie was bought off by Long Corp,
and they made him add these things to the game
to frame me and Liang?
Chen Fan, you have to understand,
he's not like us.
He's always been a businessman.
He's always looked towards money.
Impossible.
I know him.
He's not that kind of person.
The police said
they found no traces of forgery in this transaction.
The police know?
Did you tell them?
You couldn't hide this even if you wanted to.
And the police also said
they found other things on him as well.
Alright, time is just about up.
I have to go.
Think it over again,
about whether there was anything off about him.
Chen Fan
You can go now.
Go.
It's all right now.
Then what about Brother Liang?
He still needs to cooperate with the investigation.
Why?
Liang Shichu has explained everything to us clearly.
He said the game's core program, from development to maintenance,
was all done by him alone.
All the technical parameter details
are known only to him.
And you,
didn't touch any technical aspects throughout the process.
You only participated in the initial planning
and later operations.
Brother Liang is trying to take the blame for everyone.
So you can leave for now.
Officer,
regarding this... this project...
I... I... I also participated.
You're all still college students, right?
Instead of wasting time on loyalty here,
you should hurry back.
If there really are any suspicious points,
only you yourselves know best.
I understand.
Thank you, Officer.
Chen Fan, oh Chen Fan.
You were a CEO in your past life, after all.
How did you still fall for this?
Causing Brother Liang to shoulder everything
and get detained.
Brother Fan.
Guo Shuai.
Alright, stop looking at me like that.
It's no big deal.
Did you bring a power bank?
Power what?
I forgot.
I'll just change the battery when I get back.
Brother Fan.
What exactly happened with your website?
Yesterday it was popular all over the internet,
and all the young people were playing it.
But today it was suddenly cut off,
and completely banned.
I want to know too.
Brother Fan.
Actually, ever since I came to Yunhai City,
I've really envied you.
Opening internet cafes, opening clubs.
I think you're amazing.
I'm really happy for you.
But you end up either reported or inspected.
You're just too unlucky.
Maybe this is fate.
Brother Fan.
You can't talk about fate and stuff.
I'm still waiting to be your sidekick.
Blame me for being a bad father.
I helped you avoid jail time,
but couldn't help you avoid this injury.
Screw you.
Brother Fan.
Actually, ever since my leg accident,
every day I either keep my parents company
or keep Lingling company.
I'm really quite happy.
So I'm really grateful to you.
Brother Fan, living a steady life is what's real.
You kid.
You've really seen the light now.
I'm relieved too.
To see Chen Fan publicly humiliated
is truly a delightful thing.
The disk you brought back is also very useful.
Besides the code for Mecha Shanghai Bund,
there are also prototypes for a few software programs.
We'll take them, modify them a bit,
and launch them directly to the market.
Saves us from developing from scratch.
As long as it's useful, as long as it's useful.
You look like someone who can hustle.
Unlike those useless cowards.
I happen to have a bigger project.
Do you dare to do it with me?
Mr. Liu, as long as it's something you order,
I will definitely go all out.
It's a project linked to the company's overseas business.
The risk is a bit high,
but once it's done, you'll rise to the top.
Mr. Liu, as long as you're willing to guide me,
there's nothing I wouldn't dare do.
That's good.
The project Manager Liu mentioned
must be organ trafficking.
No.
I have to stop all this.